Add MkDocs Material developer documentation (#695) (#705)
m2lines/Samudra: docs-src/index.md

# Ocean Emulators

**A PyTorch-based machine learning framework for training and evaluating neural ocean emulators.**

Ocean Emulators provides tools to build models that learn to predict future ocean states autoregressively, achieving orders-of-magnitude speedups over traditional ocean general circulation models.

## Models

> - **Samudra** — ConvNeXt U-Net architecture for single-scale ocean emulation at 1° resolution

Reviewer: All of the items in this list (and the list in the next section) should end with a full stop (i.e. a period "`.`").

- **Samudra 2** — Wider ConvNeXt U-Net with dynamic variance-weighted loss, scaling to 1°, 1/2°, and 1/4° resolution with stable ~8-year rollouts

> - **FOMO** — Foundation model with encoder-processor-decoder architecture supporting multi-scale training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **FOMO** — A "Foundation Ocean Model + Observations" uses a encoder-processor-decoder architecture to support multi-scale training
```
